## 1.2. Objectives

Blockchain first appeared in 1991 [1].
Since the introduction of Bitcoin in 2008, which showed the potential of blockchain to become a new form of electronic cash system, it waives the requirement of a financial institution (the central authority) [2].
People then started to realise the usefulness of the design of blockchain.
As a result, the interest in blockchain expanded and it has just peaked in early 2018 [3].
In our project, we will utilise this relatively popular design in our proposed system.

The goal of our project is to build a high-transparency, tamper-free and high-security platform for connecting both the employer and domestic helper, and therefore blockchain with inerasable feature and database with simple query interface for data access are combined.

Here are the objectives that we are going to focus on in our project:
1. To develop a user-friendly interface for website or application.
2. To provide sufficient and convenient queries for users to access the data.
3. To build a tamper-proof and secure data storage.

To achieve the first objective, a well-structured interface will be designed to enhance user experience of our users.

To achieve the second objective, database technology is used to provide basic operations.
Meanwhile, some other queries may also be designed according to the demands of the users.

To achieve the third objective, blockchain is implemented as the storage layer.
Most of the data will be saved in this layer with verification to ensure they will not be deliberately changed or deleted.
Only permitted users are allowed to access the data to protect their privacy.

The biggest challenge in our project is the whole design.
The combination of blockchain and database technology is seldom applied in living things.
Non-living things, such as insurance and cryptocurrencies, are now started to be implemented with blockchain [4].
However, our project is much more complicated.
Some users may desire to delete or update their data, but with the feature of blockchain, it is impossible to change the uploaded data to prevent tampering.
Therefore, we have to strike a balance between the practical demands of users and the secure characteristic of blockchain.

<!-- A system to cope with the requirement will be composed of:
- Front end (this part implements a user-friendly interface for the end users, including employers and domestic helpers)
- Back end (which includes administration of database, implementation of blockchain, etc.) (?)

A serious challenge of this project is that it touches real-world problems.
The project should take the complexity of a person into consideration.
How should contracts be handled?
What should be our privacy policy?
With limited time to develop the system, it may not be in full compliance with the law.
We should be prepared to make adjustments to better comply with the law. -->

### References

[1] S. Beyer, "Blockchain Before Bitcoin: A History," BlockTelegraph, Aug 23, 2018. [Online]. Available: <https://blocktelegraph.io/blockchain-before-bitcoin-history/>.\
[2] N. Satoshi, "Bitcoin: A Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System," [Online]. Available: <https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf>.\
[3] "blockchain," Google Trends, [Online]. Available: <https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=blockchain>.\
[4] N. Singh, "Blockchain Usage: List of 20+ Blockchain Technology Use Cases," 101 Blockchains, Jul 2, 2019. [Online]. Available: <https://101blockchains.com/blockchain-usage/>.
