deliverable-docs/79_wil1_prop/1.2. Objectives.md, before:

## 1.2. Objectives

Blockchain is not a new design.
It first appeared in 1991 [1].
However, with the introduction of Bitcoin in 2008 [2], which showed how blockchain can be used to build a new form of electronic cash system, which waives the requirement of a financial institution (the central authority), people start to realise the potential of the design of blockchain.
Since then, the interest in blockchain expanded and peaked in early 2018 [3].

The goal of this project is to learn from the existing platforms which provide database for the job seekers and employers, for example, Interactive Employer Service of the Labour Department [4], Smart Living [5], HelperGo [6], Lotus Employment Agency [7], MaMaHelpers [8] and build a prototype system to enable employers to find suitable domestic helpers.
In addition, we will incorporate blockchain into the system to eliminate the need for domestic helper agencies (?) and to provide tamper-free records of domestic helpers.

Generally speaking, the system is composed of:
- Front end (this part implements a user-friendly interface for the end users, including employers and domestic helpers)
- Back end (which includes administration of database, implementation of blockchain, etc.) (?)

Two of the teammates will be assigned to focus on the front end and another two will be assigned to focus on the back end (?).
Communication between different layers can be a problem, especially when concepts get elusive.
Clear documentation should be the key to cope with this.
It helps others to understand one's work and to confirm that one's concepts are reasonably clear.

(Basic feature)
(Advanced feature)

Test different technologies first and get the hands-on experience.
(Prototype)

(Real-world problem)
(Complexity of a person)
(Contract)

(Privacy)
(Compliance)
With limited time to develop the system, ...may not be lawful.
Prepare to make adjustments.

References:

[1] <https://blocktelegraph.io/blockchain-before-bitcoin-history/>
[2] <https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf>
[3] <https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=blockchain>
[4] <https://www1.jobs.gov.hk/1/0/WebForm/Default.aspx>
[5] <https://www.erb.org/smartliving/en/main/>
[6] <https://www.helpergo.co>
[7] <http://www.lotusmaid.com.hk/web/html/eng/worker_search.jsp>
[8] <https://www.mamahelpers.co>

Commit message:

Completed the rest of the objectives.
Reorganised the first few paragraphs such that the content is more
related to the objectives.

deliverable-docs/79_wil1_prop/1.2. Objectives.md, after:

## 1.2. Objectives

Blockchain is not a new design.
It first appeared in 1991 [1].
However, with the introduction of Bitcoin in 2008, which showed how blockchain can be used to build a new form of electronic cash system, which waives the requirement of a financial institution (the central authority) [2], people started to realise the usefulness of the design of blockchain.
Since then, the interest in blockchain expanded and it has just peaked in early 2018 [3].
We will utilise this relatively popular design in our proposed system to eliminate the need for domestic helper agencies (?) and to provide tamper-free records of domestic helpers.

The another goal of this project is to learn from the existing platforms which provide database for the job seekers and employers, for example, Interactive Employer Service of the Labour Department [4], Smart Living [5], HelperGo [6], Lotus Employment Agency [7], MamaHelpers [8] and build a prototype system to enable employers to find suitable domestic helpers.

A system to cope with the requirement will be composed of:
- Front end (this part implements a user-friendly interface for the end users, including employers and domestic helpers)
- Back end (which includes administration of database, implementation of blockchain, etc.) (?)

Two of the teammates will be assigned to focus on the front end and another two will be assigned to focus on the back end (?).
Communication between different layers can be a problem, especially when concepts get elusive.
Clear documentation should be the key to cope with this.
It helps others to understand one's work and to confirm that one has reasonably clear concepts.

We will test different technologies for database, blockchain, etc. by studying learning resources and get the hands-on experience.
Also, relevant papers will be studied.
Useful parts from the exploration will be integrated into the final product.

A serious challenge of this project is that it touches real-world problems.
The project should take the complexity of a person into consideration.
How should contracts be handled?
What should be our privacy policy?
With limited time to develop the system, it may not be in full compliance with the law.
We should be prepared to make adjustments to better comply with the law.

References:

[1] <https://blocktelegraph.io/blockchain-before-bitcoin-history/>\
[2] <https://bitcoin.org/bitcoin.pdf>\
[3] <https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?date=all&q=blockchain>\
[4] <https://www1.jobs.gov.hk/1/0/WebForm/Default.aspx>\
[5] <https://www.erb.org/smartliving/en/main/>\
[6] <https://www.helpergo.co>\
[7] <http://www.lotusmaid.com.hk/web/html/eng/worker_search.jsp>\
[8] <https://www.mamahelpers.co>
