## 2.2. Implementation

<!-- OAuth 2.0, language of back end, P2P technology will be mentioned here (David). -->

//
The following are the encryption approaches commonly implemented in blockchain, SHA-256 and X11.

SHA-256:
SHA-256, which stands for Secure Hashing Algorithms, is one of the most popular hashing methods nowadays. 
It was invented by National Security Agency (NSA) in 2001, as an improvement of SHA-1. 
It is implemented by dividing the data message into N blocks with 512 bits each and every block carries 15 32-bit input blocks. 
For each 512-bit block, a message schedule W is created by combining the required block and three other shuffled blocks obtained by formulas. 
Through some complicated calculations, a new hash value will be produced [1].

This algorithm is commonly implemented in various blockchain systems, such as Bitcoin [2], with the reasons below. 
The maximum amount of data messages being able to be transformed is 2⁶⁴ bit, while each of them is fixed as 256 bits, as the method’s name states [3]. 
With a larger hashing length, the security level would be improved. Furthermore, the method is currently resistant to hash collision attack with a very low collision rate [4]. 
No identical hashes will be produced and this, therefore, prevents the hackers from substituting one hashed value for another and increases their difficulty to gain the data.

X11:
X11 is a newer hashing algorithm compared to the former, which was created by Dash core developer in 2004. 
It applies 11 individual hashing algorithms, for example, BLAKE, BLUE MIDNIGHT WISH (BMW), Grøstl, JH, Keccak, Skein, Luffa, CubeHash, SHAvite-3, SIMD, ECHO, for the proof-of-work [5]. 
According to the official website, it is an improved version of another chained-hashing approach called Quark. 
The former increases the amount of hashes in the hope of building a more complex and deeper algorithm. Besides, the rounds of hashes are no longer randomly selected, instead, they are fixed [6].

With the huge number of various rounds of hashes, it can provide a safer and more sophisticated hashing algorithm. 
Compared to SHA-256, which is single-hash, it is more protective against Single Point Of Failure (SPOF), an example of security dangers. This implies that the entire system is able to keep functioning until the 11 hashes are cracked at the same time. If one of the hashes is determined as unreliable, warning will be alerted and that hash can be replaced by other more secure hash later on. Therefore, both the reliability and security level of X11 are higher than those of SHA-256.


Reference 

[1] 	C. Bellet, "Part 5: Hashing with SHA-256," Medium, 4 1 2018. [Online]. Available: https://medium.com/biffures/part-5-hashing-with-sha-256-4c2afc191c40.
[2] 	B. Asolo, "What Is SHA-256 And How Is It Related to Bitcoin?," Mycryptopedia, 1 11 2018. [Online]. Available: https://www.mycryptopedia.com/sha-256-related-bitcoin/.
[3] 	P. Nohe, "Re-Hashed: The Difference Between SHA-1, SHA-2 and SHA-256 Hash Algorithms," hashedout, 9 11 2018. [Online]. Available: https://www.thesslstore.com/blog/difference-sha-1-sha-2-sha-256-hash-algorithms/.
[4] 	J. N. Soliman, "Digital Signature and Authentication Mechanisms Using New Customized Hash Function for Cognitive Radio Networks," 2017.
[5] 	B. Asolo, "X11 Algorithm Explained," Mycryptopedia, 30 10 2018. [Online]. Available: https://www.mycryptopedia.com/x11-algorithm-explained/.
[6] 	"X11 Hash Algorithm," Dash, [Online]. Available: https://docs.dash.org/en/stable/introduction/features.html#x11-hash-algorithm.



