## 2.3. Testing

### 2.3.1. Purpose of Testing

We are going to build a reliable data storage system, so data consistency needs to be guaranteed.
During the development phase, continuous integration [1] would be applied in our collaboration, that we are going to test the program comprehensively every step we go further.
Therefore, we could ensure the validity of the system at any time.

### 2.3.2. Test the database

To test the database, we will test the availability of multiple databases in our network.
In the purpose of that, we are going to write query test cases to test and record the result of each database.
Invalid result could be traced by reviewing the happening time of the record.
Apart from debugging, it could also help us to predict further maintenance issue.

### 2.3.3. Test the blockchain

To test the blockchain system, we will test the validity as well as the efficiency of blockchain operations.
The validity test consists of two parts: one is our primitive function validate() is requested to be accurate, one is all other function is requested to pass validate() test to meet up to the definition of blockchain.
On the other hand, the efficiency of blockchain is also traced for us to evaluate the most balanced algorithm of hashing on expense and outcome.
In which case expense means the CPU power to be spent on appending block and the outcome means the level of indelibility of the final blockchain, in our cases, the less the former and the higher the latter is regarded as "good".

### 2.3.4. Test the user interface

To test the user interface, we will invite agencies, training schools, helpers and employers to rate our application.
The survey will consist of three parts: the satisfaction of functionality, the availability of language choices and the encouragement of user experience.
These are essential components that are built up gradually so it would be tested mainly towards our design (mock-up application) and final product.

### 2.3.5. Test the integration of modules

To test the integration of our frontend layer, backend layer and database layer, we will apply continuous integration by writing test program for commitment.
It enables us to have a concrete division of work that we trust the latest developing version of layers out of our individual tasks.
Therefore, we are able to develop separately with the vision of the whole system so as to establish connection within the system.

### References

[1] G. Booch, Object Oriented Design: With Applications, Redwood City, CA, USA: Benjamin-Cummings Publishing Co., Inc., 1991.
