## 6.1. Minutes of the 1st meeting

Date: 25 April 2019\
Time: 2000\
Venue: LG1-355\
Present: David (Tang Au Wa), Linda (Cheung Tsz Kwan),
Tiffany (Tse Yan Tung), Ting (Li Yuk Ting)\
Absent: None\
Recorder: Linda

1. Approval of minutes

This was the first formal group meeting, so there were no minutes to approve.

2. Topic suggestions and discussions

2.1. Ting stated that she was willing to be involved in an app, game or machine learning project.
Linda opposed to machine learning projects because of their difficulty.

2.2. Ting suggested improvements to HKUST Path Advisor.
We can refer to Google Maps.
We can add one or more features in Path Advisor 2.0.
Linda seconded.

2.3. David proposed some projects that can be worked on together with some thoughts about them including "Find me a travel itinerary", "Path Advisor 2.0: Smart mobility and navigation in HKUST campus", "Experiential learning: Build a small operating system for Arduino", "Unblock × Tower of Saviors", "Cuphead-like boss fighting game", a combination of the previous two projects and "Microsurgery Mobile VR Simulation Platform" (since it will be nice to have Desmond as our advisor).
Everyone had further discussion on the internship recruitment related to Path Advisor.

2.3.1. Linda agreed with "Find me a travel itinerary" and provided some drafts.

2.3.2. Tiffany and Ting disagreed with "Experiential learning: Build a small operating system for Arduino".

2.3.3. Linda agreed with the game themes being UST-related.

2.4. Ting asked about "An online barcode generator" and "Map-style exploration of source code".
David tried to explain the working theory of barcode and suggested that it may be possible to design a new barcode under the project.
Ting and Linda had discussed "Map-style exploration of source code" about its reusability and usefulness.
Linda suggested that it should work for all programming languages while Ting pointed out that the project requires C++ and JavaScript only.

2.5. Ting recognized the potential of "A Block Chain Database Application of Working Credit Scores of Domestic Helpers".
The product of the project can be generalised to store data not only of domestic helpers but the staff of a company, etc. in a straight-forward way.
It was supported by Linda.
And everyone agreed that we should be open-minded.

2.6. Linda suggested working on a game engine at first, she gave some game engine example like Unity3D, RPG Maker and Cocos Creator.
David pointed out that the project had already been closed.
Linda emphasized the importance of transferability of a topic.
By the end of the discussion, David suggested that it may be possible to propose building a game engine under a game project.
Linda added that we can build an engine to produce games of genre "roguelike".

3. Topic order arrangement

3.1. Voting was held to determine the priority of the projects discussed.

3.2. The result:
```
#1 "A Block Chain Database Application of Working Credit Scores of Domestic Helpers"
#2 "Map-style exploration of source code"
#3 A game project
#4 "Path Advisor 2.0: Smart mobility and navigation in HKUST campus"
#5 "Find me a travel itinerary"
#6 "Microsurgery Mobile VR Simulation Platform"
#7 "Experiential learning: Build a small operating system for Arduino"
```

3.3. The group was registered through the FYP Management System.

3.4. The projects were applied through the FYP Management System with the priority listed above.

3.5. Follow-up action: Attend two meetings in the following week with Prof. Wilfred (the advisor of "A Block Chain Database Application of Working Credit Scores of Domestic Helpers") and Prof. Zhang (the advisor of "Map-style exploration of source code").
It is better to be well prepared.
We can prepare blockchain learning material and post it on the WhatsApp group.

4. Meeting adjournment and the next meeting

4.1. The meeting was adjourned at 2200.

4.2. The date, time and venue of the next meeting will be determined by the meeting with an advisor.
