## 6.2. Minutes of the 2nd meeting with Prof. Zhang

Date: 30 April 2019\
Time: 1430 (the conversation started at 1400)\
Venue: Room 3530\
Present: Linda, Tiffany, Ting, Prof. Zhang\
Absent: David\
Recorder: Linda

1. Approval of minutes

The minutes of the last meeting were approved without amendment.

2. Discussion

2.1. Linda asked about the user interface of the program of the project we applied ("Map-style exploration of source code").
Prof. Zhang answered that students will **deal with some classes, variables and pointers from pre-processed source codes**.
Those classes need to be represented in our program as some graphics.
We need to **design the GUI to visualize a big coding project** in a simpler way.

2.2. Prof. Zhang mentioned the requirement of the project.
He said a basic understanding of concepts of programming, e.g. local, global function and the **implementation of an attractive GUI** is needed, which is related to human-computer interaction (HCI).
Then he suggested implementing the visualization by referencing to first-person games or Google Maps.

2.3. He also emphasized the importance of **explaining the relations of elements** (classes/variables) in the demonstration of the final presentation.

2.4. He encouraged us to give the project a try because of its **potential commercial value**.

3. Meeting adjournment and the next meeting

3.1. The meeting was adjourned at 1500.

3.2. The date, time and venue of the next meeting will be determined by the meeting with Prof. Wilfred.
