## 6.3. Minutes of the 3rd Meeting

Date: 17 May 2019\
Time: 1500\
Venue: Room 3520\
Present: Prof. Wilfred, David, Linda, Tiffany, Ting\
Absent: None\
Recorders: Linda

1. Approval of minutes

    1. The minutes of the last meeting were approved without amendment.

2. Discussion

    1. Prof. Wilfred mentioned the need for introducing blockchain in the project we applied ("A Block Chain Database Application of Working Credit Scores of Domestic Helpers").
    The problem is, the agents for the domestic helpers may tamper with the original document submitted by the workers in order to foster their business.
    Introducing blockchain prevents this problem.
    2. Prof. Wilfred explained that the database of the project is used to **store and process the CVs of domestic helpers, which include the skill sets, certifications and the level of certificates (e.g. level 1–5)**.
    The higher the level, the more difficult is the verification.
    3. Prof. Wilfred said it is fine to use **any kind of database including database with simple files, relational database and NoSQL** (e.g. MongoDB).
    Therefore, basic database knowledge is required.
    4. David asked how complex the concept blockchain was.
    Prof. Wilfred answered that the basis of blockchain can be learnt in a month.
    He noted that there is no course related to blockchain in the school yet.
    He added that **we should learn blockchain in a systematic way**, including the concept and the technique, and that there are existing blockchain computer systems (e.g. finance record system/bitcoin system) but they are not so similar to the project, so the project can be innovative.
    5. Prof. Wilfred gave further details of the project then.
        1. The goal is to build a **prototype** of a management system.
        Students are going to implement a set of APIs for queries and embed them in a simple front end.
        2. The project requires three components: **blockchain technique, database (e.g. SQL, NoSQL) skill and programming technique of, for example, Java and C++**.
        3. A service of finding the **best match** of the employers (the families), perhaps the agent, and the employee (domestic helpers) should be provided.
        The user can specify that the elderly and the children in the family are of the top priority.
        Base on this, the system will generate a ranking of domestic helpers.
        4. **Confidential information should be carefully handled** for stakeholders while the confidential levels of pieces of information are determined by helpers and families.
        For example, one can choose to hide one's phone number.
    6. Prof. Wilfred mentioned that a team of graduate students have already implemented a database to store the data of domestic helpers, which is not based on blockchain.
    They can provide some datasets and some help for us.
    They used the techniques of machine learning in their project.
    7. David asked why machine learning was involved. Prof. Wilfred answered that they used machine learning techniques to cluster the domestic helpers in groups.
    The clustering was based on the information provided in the Facebook accounts of the domestic helpers.
    The information provided in the domestic helpers' Facebook accounts (e.g. the skill set from the helpers' active friends, mentioned topics, etc.) can also be used to evaluate the trustability of the claims of the helpers' skill set, etc.
    8. Prof. Wilfred said blockchain can also be used to **store workers' documents and surveys from the host families**.
    The database can be implemented to **generate change history and allow one to update privacy policies**.
    The project should pay attention to privacy issues and should be able to deal with the complexity of a person.
    9. Linda asked if this topic can be more generalized such that we can develop a recruitment website by storing data not only for domestic helpers but also for general job seekers in the database.
    Wilfred thought that it would be ambitious and appreciated this idea.
    However, he wanted us to implement the database for domestic workers first.
    10. Prof. Wilfred mentioned some related concepts, including **distributed database, encryption (for providing privacy), big data and data analytics**.
    11. The principle of blockchain was mentioned.
    It uses hash values to chain the blocks.
    12. Prof. Wilfred added that the project is newly added.
    13. Prof. Wilfred suggested that we can make queries in the final demonstration.
    14. David asked whether there will be support in summer.
    Prof. Wilfred said that he has trips in the following months, but his graduate students can provide help during this time.
    15. Prof. Wilfred asked us to send the transcripts to him so that he can decide whether to commit the project to us or not.
    (We sent the transcripts to him shortly after the meeting.)

3. Meeting adjournment and the next meeting

    1. The meeting was adjourned at 1600.
    2. The date, time and venue of the next meeting was not decided yet.
