## 1.2. Objectives

This project aims at building a platform to connect employers and domestic helpers.
The following are the main focuses of our project:
1. To develop a friendly user interface (UI) for our application.
2. To build a secure, tamper-proof data storage.
3. To provide a sufficient and convenient query service for users to access the data.

To achieve the first objective, existing platforms which provide databases for the job seekers (including domestic helpers) and employers were studied.
Some of their approaches to the UI was adapted to our system.

To achieve the second objective, we adopted blockchain to store persistent data.
With blockchain, malicious or untraceable modifications and deletions of data are prevented.
Additionally, we may implement a verification system before data entering the blockchain to ensure that the data are genuine.
We also ensured that only authenticated users who have finished registering are allowed to access their data to guarantee storage security.

To achieve the third objective, we allowed users to specify several query constraints that meet most of the need.
The specification is through appropriate UI components that maximize convenience.

The biggest challenge in our project is the whole design.
The combination of blockchain and database technology is seldom applied in living things.
Non-living things, such as insurance and cryptocurrencies, are now started to be implemented with blockchain [1].
However, our project is much more complicated.
Some users may desire to delete or update their data, but with the feature of blockchain, it is impossible to change the uploaded data to prevent tampering.
Therefore, we have to strike a balance between the practical demands of users and the secure characteristic of blockchain.

<!-- A system to cope with the requirement will be composed of:
- Front end (this part implements a user-friendly interface for the end users, including employers and domestic helpers)
- Back end (which includes administration of database, implementation of blockchain, etc.) (?)

A serious challenge of this project is that it touches real-world problems.
The project should take the complexity of a person into consideration.
How should contracts be handled?
What should be our privacy policy?
With limited time to develop the system, it may not be in full compliance with the law.
We should be prepared to make adjustments to better comply with the law. -->

### References

<!-- A template for the IEEE reference style (October 2016) according to <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <https://ieeecs-media.computer.org/assets/pdf/2016CSStyleGuide.pdf>: <author names>, "<title>," <publication name (in italic type)>, <publisher name>, <date (e.g. 15 Mar. 2000)>, <page range>; <URL>. -->
[1] N. Singh, "Blockchain Usage: List of 20+ Blockchain Technology Use Cases," *101 Blockchains*, 2 Aug. 2019; <https://101blockchains.com/blockchain-usage/>.
