## 2.3. Testing

### 2.3.1. Purpose of Testing

We have been building a reliable data storage application, so we need to ensure that it is free of bugs.
Bugs lead to unexpected behaviours of a system.
They can even be vulnerabilities that attackers can exploit.
For instance, attackers may bypass a login mechanism with a vulnerability and gain access to other's accounts.
Performing tests can prevent this from happening.

During the application implementation, we referred to continuous integration technique, which mainly features a single public branch of code, automated build and regression test [1].
The single public branch is what every team member pays attention to, while team members each has a private branch to work on.
Once the private branch is ready, it can be promoted to the single public branch.
Optimally, before a successful promotion, an automatic build and regression tests are triggered.
If the build fails or the tests do not pass, the private branch will not be promoted.
This helps us to ensure the validity of the system at any time.

### 2.3.2. Testing the blockchain database

To test database functionality, we designed some query unit test cases and looked for invalid results.
To test blockchain functionality, we can demonstrate the blockchain system is indeed fault-tolerant, which implies the blockchain system is able to withstand the fact that some blockchain nodes act unexpectedly (e.g. going offline) or nodes acting actively against the blockchain system.

### 2.3.3. Testing the user interface

We will mainly arrange user acceptance tests, that are done by users, for the user interface [1, p. 465].
The users report if their functional requirements are fulfilled after performing their test cases.
We will receive qualitative feedback from users as well, for instance, the feedback of the difficulty to perform the tasks, suggestions to improve the functionality of our application.
In this way, we can gradually improve the user experience.

### 2.3.4. Testing the integration of modules

Our effort of implementation was separated into two batches: front end implementation and back end implementation.
After assembling the front end and the back end, we will perform integration tests to test the related components together [1, p. 455].
It will happen before the user acceptance tests and unit tests.

Since our application is expected to serve multiple users at once, we need to be mindful about the performance in this situation.
We can simulate users using our application with different payloads.
Then we can see if there are any delays or even crashes that render our application unusable.

### References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
[1] <!-- Book -->B. Bruegge and A. H. Dutoit, "Configuration Management," in *Object-Oriented Software Engineering Using UML, Patterns, and Java*, 3rd ed. Essex, England: Pearson Education, 2014, ch. 13, sec. 5.4, p. 557.
