deliverable-docs/79_wil1_prog/2.3. Testing.md, before:

## 2.3. Testing

### 2.3.1. Purpose of Testing

We are going to build a reliable data storage application, so we need to ensure that it is free of bugs.
During the development phase, continuous integration [1] has been applied in our collaboration, so we test the program comprehensively every step we go further.
This helps us to ensure the validity of the system at any time.

### 2.3.2. Testing the database

To test the database, we will test the availability of multiple databases in our network.
To do this, we are going to write query test cases to test and record the result of each database.
Invalid results can be traced by reviewing the execution time of the record.
Apart from debugging, this may also help us to predict further maintenance issues.

### 2.3.3. Testing the blockchain system

To test the blockchain system, we will test the validity as well as the efficiency of blockchain operations.
The validity tests consist of two parts: one checks if our primitive function validate() is accurate when it is requested, and the other checks if all other functions requested pass the validate() test to meet the definition of a blockchain.
On the other hand, the efficiency of each blockchain will also be traced so we can evaluate the most balanced algorithm for hashing in terms of expense and outcome.
Expense means the required CPU power to be spent on appending blocks and the outcome means the level of immutability of the final blockchain.
In our situation, a low expense and high level of outcome is regarded as "good".

### 2.3.4. Testing the user interface

To test the user interface, we will invite agencies, training schools, helpers and employers to rate our application via an online survey.
The survey will consist of three parts: the satisfaction of functionality, the availability of language choices and satisfaction with the user experience.
These are essential elements that are built up gradually, so it will be tested when our mock-up application and final product are ready.

### 2.3.5. Testing the integration of modules

To test the integration of our frontend layer, backend layer and database layer, we will apply continuous integration testing by writing test programs for commitment.
This will enable us to have a concrete division of work so that we can trust the latest developed version of layers out of our individual tasks.
Therefore, we are able to develop separately with the vision of the whole system so as to establish connection within the system.

### References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
[1] <!-- Book -->G. Booch, *Object Oriented Design: With Applications*, 1st ed. Redwood City, CA, USA: Benjamin-Cummings, 1991.

Commit message:

Edited the testing section and some references.
Slightly changed some file names.

deliverable-docs/79_wil1_prog/2.3. Testing.md, after:

## 2.3. Testing

### 2.3.1. Purpose of Testing

We have been building a reliable data storage application, so we need to ensure that it is free of bugs.
Bugs lead to unexpected behaviours of a system.
They can even be vulnerabilities that attackers can exploit.
For instance, attackers may bypass a login mechanism with a vulnerability and gain access to other's accounts.
Performing tests can prevent this from happening.

During the application implementation, we referred to continuous integration technique, which mainly features a single public branch of code, automated build and regression test [1].
The single public branch is what every team member pays attention to, while team members each has a private branch to work on.
Once the private branch is ready, it can be promoted to the single public branch.
Optimally, before a successful promotion, an automatic build and regression tests are triggered.
If the build fails or the tests do not pass, the private branch will not be promoted.
This helps us to ensure the validity of the system at any time.

### 2.3.2. Testing the blockchain database

To test database functionality, we designed some query unit test cases and looked for invalid results.
To test blockchain functionality, we can demonstrate the blockchain system is indeed fault-tolerant, which implies the blockchain system is able to withstand the fact that some blockchain nodes act unexpectedly (e.g. going offline) or nodes acting actively against the blockchain system.

### 2.3.3. Testing the user interface

We will mainly arrange user acceptance tests, that are done by users, for the user interface [1, p. 465].
The users report if their functional requirements are fulfilled after performing their test cases.
We will receive qualitative feedback from users as well, for instance, the feedback of the difficulty to perform the tasks, suggestions to improve the functionality of our application.
In this way, we can gradually improve the user experience.

### 2.3.4. Testing the integration of modules

Our effort of implementation was separated into two batches: front end implementation and back end implementation.
After assembling the front end and the back end, we will perform integration tests to test the related components together [1, p. 455].
It will happen before the user acceptance tests and unit tests.

Since our application is expected to serve multiple users at once, we need to be mindful about the performance in this situation.
We can simulate users using our application with different payloads.
Then we can see if there are any delays or even crashes that render our application unusable.

### References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
[1] <!-- Book -->B. Bruegge and A. H. Dutoit, "Configuration Management," in *Object-Oriented Software Engineering Using UML, Patterns, and Java*, 3rd ed. Essex, England: Pearson Education, 2014, ch. 13, sec. 5.4, p. 557.
