## 1.2. Objectives

This project aims at building a platform to connect employers and domestic helpers.
The following are the main focuses of our project:
1. To build a secure, tamper-proof transactional database.
2. To provide a sufficient and convenient query service for users to access the data.
3. To develop a friendly user interface (UI) for our application.
4. To provide incentives for helpers and employers to trust each other and to be trustworthy.

To achieve the first objective, we adopted blockchain to store persistent data.
With blockchain, malicious or untraceable modifications and deletions of data are prevented.
Additionally, we may implement a verification system before data entering the blockchain to ensure that the data are genuine.
We also ensured that only authenticated users who have finished registering are allowed to access their data to guarantee storage security.

To achieve the second objective, we allowed users to specify several query constraints that meet most of the need.
The specification is through appropriate UI components that maximize convenience.

To achieve the third objective, existing platforms which provide databases for the job seekers (including domestic helpers) and employers were studied.
Some of their approaches to the UI was adapted to our application.

To achieve the fourth objective, the application allows both helpers and employers to enter feedback to each other, other than requiring them to provide their personal information.
Thus, both parties can have a more complete understanding of each other.
This will help to build two-way trust between employers and helpers and discourage misbehaviour.

One of the challenges in our project is understanding others' work.
It is surely not practical to start from nothing and build every part on our own, so we need to study work from others and try to integrate their work into our application.
The concept of blockchain has thrived for years, and there are plenty of applications developed around it [1].
Also, there are abundant open-source projects that achieved goals similar to ours to study.
However, understanding others' work, especially the inner workings, is not an easy task.
It takes careful reading of others' documentation.
Lengthy standards are sometimes involved.
It can be an endless pursuit.
Looking into examples given can be one solution to this situation.

Another challenge of this project is that it touches real-world aspects.
The project should take the complexity of a person into consideration.
We needed to consider problems such as "how should contracts be handled", "what should be our privacy policy".
With limited time to develop the application, it may not be in full compliance with the law.
We should be prepared to make adjustments to better comply with the law.

### References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
[1] N. Singh. "Blockchain Usage: List of 20+ Blockchain Technology Use Cases." 101 Blockchains. <https://101blockchains.com/blockchain-usage/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).
