## 1.3. Literature Survey

Our project was enlightened by local domestic helper agencies, online direct hiring platforms, and blockchain-based systems in other industries.

### 1.3.1. Local domestic helper agencies

Some employers prefer to go through agencies when they need a domestic helper.
Generally, agencies like Lotus Employment Agency [1] provide assistance for employers to select a helper and complete required documents.
Having lots of experience, they save employers a lot of time and effort.

However, convenience is not the only concern of most employers.
They are also concerned about fees and finding a competent helper.
Therefore, going through agencies may not be the best choice for them.
Besides, it is not uncommon for some agencies to overcharge employers or domestic helpers to gain greater profit.
Due to competition among agencies, it is also not uncommon for agencies to provide false or misleading information about helpers' background or qualifications.
Furthermore, agencies may also hide negative aspects of certain employers, like high turnover of helpers, previous labour or criminal cases, large families to take care of or occupations in which their days off work are not Sundays.

For more information, see Appendix D, section 9.1, Local Domestic Helper Agencies<!-- (!) -->.

### 1.3.2. Online direct hiring platforms

Direct hiring of domestic helpers is also an available option in Hong Kong.
It is usually through online platforms like Smart Living [2], HelperPlace [3].
Wide choices of domestic helpers can be found on those platforms.
The financial cost of employment is reduced by eliminating the agency commission.
Nonetheless, it is time-consuming for an employer to go through all the paperwork and procedures.

For more information, see Appendix D, section 9.2, Online Direct Hiring Platforms<!-- (!) -->.

### 1.3.3. Blockchain-based systems in other industries

There are blockchain-based systems built for other industries, such as Guardtime's wine authentication system [4] and RMIT University's land management systems [5].
Such systems utilize blockchain's advantage of preventing tampering of information since all data appended to a blockchain is traceable.
Estonia, a Northern Europe country, demonstrates further applications of blockchain, where the public services there are built with a secure digital infrastructure [6].
However, the high cost of verification slows down the extensive uses of blockchain technology.

For more information, see Appendix E: Blockchain-Based Systems in Other Industries<!-- (!) -->.
Furthermore, Blockchain-related subjects were studied.
See Appendix B: Blockchain Basics<!-- (!) --> and Appendix C: Blockchain Databases<!-- (!) -->.

### References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
[1] Lotus Employment Agency. <https://lotusmaid.com.hk:446/web/html/eng/index.jsp> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[2] Smart Living. <https://www.erb.org/smartliving/en/main/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[3] HelperPlace. <https://www.helperplace.com/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[4] "Estonian-founded Guardtime to build wine authentication system in Australia." e-Estonia. <https://e-estonia.com/guardtime-wine-authentication-system/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[5] "Blockchain set to enable better land management systems." RMIT University. <https://www.rmit.edu.au/news/all-news/2019/march/blockchain-for-better-land-management-systems> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[6] K. Kaljulaid. "Estonia is running its country like a tech company." Quartz. <https://qz.com/1535549/living-on-the-blockchain-is-a-game-changer-for-estonian-citizens/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).
