#### Blockchain-based systems in other industries

There are blockchain-based systems built for other industries.
For example, Provenance is the platform that utilizes blockchain technology for recording the information produced along the supply chain [24].
With such platform, consumers can verify if the product they buy is genuine/ethical/sustainable.
A wine authentication system by blockchain company Guardtime, which is currently under development, also aims for a similar goal [25].
The BigchainDB (a blockchain database) team shared their collaboration with RWE (an energy provider in Germany).
The resulting system enables the communication of different small energy providers, the management of cash flows in a decentralized way under the energy deregulation in Germany [26].
Estonia, which is known for having digital society, claimed itself to be a blockchain nation [27].
Several governmental services are integrated with blockchain such that citizens receive more control to their data.
For example, citizens can know who has accessed their data exactly with the help of blockchain.

From Estonia's experience, blockchain technology should be combined with verified identities and a policy framework.
It is necessary to verify the identities of blockchain users to ensure that they are not fraudulent at the beginning.
Nevertheless, this induces high costs for blockchain startups.
Despite Estonia's effort to tackle this issue with e-Residency, a digital identity issued by the government, it is for EU-based companies only [28].
Further, there is a temptation to turn blockchain technology into snake oil, where blockchain technology serves more like a gimmick to attract investment.
One criticism of Estonia's claim of having integrated blockchain into the governmental system [27] is that the details showing that the blockchain system implementation is indeed reliable, are lacking.
Mentioning blockchain in this situation would be more like a marketing strategy than being practical.
Also, whether using blockchain to achieve immutability, decentralization, etc. is necessary, is a problem that requires serious consideration.

*Regarding the issue of having to verify identities, our current concept is to use users' ID card numbers from their original countries/regions as the unique IDs.*
This can at least prevent a user from registering our application multiple times with, for example, multiple email addresses.
As a result, we have basic authenticity for our application.
In order to build a legitimate blockchain system, it should be maintained collectively.
The peers controlling the system should be non-collaborative.
In the case of manufacturing industry, they may be different parties in the supply chain; in the case of energy industry, they may be different energy providers; in the case of governance, they may be different departments that are not collaborating.
*One plausible solution for our application is to reach out to several existing platforms and convince them to join our blockchain network.*
(This makes our blockchain system a private blockchain system.)
They can share the helpers' and possibly employers' information held into the blockchain network.
Improving the authenticity of their data stored could incentivize the platforms to join the network.
Therefore, our application would also behave like an integrated platform that integrates several existing platforms.

### References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
[24] Provenance. <https://www.provenance.org/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[25] "Estonian-founded Guardtime to build wine authentication system in Australia." e-Estonia. <https://e-estonia.com/guardtime-wine-authentication-system/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[26] <!-- Online video -->T. McConaghy, Berlin. *Trent McConaghy - BigchainDB: a Scalable Blockchain Database, in Python*. May 31, 2016. Accessed: Jan. 2, 2020. [Online Video]. Available: <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1NHHmHVCWy0>\
[27] K. Korjus. "Welcome to the blockchain nation." Medium. <https://medium.com/e-residency-blog/welcome-to-the-blockchain-nation-5d9b46c06fd4> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[28] "What is e-Residency." Knowledge Base. <https://learn.e-resident.gov.ee/hc/en-us/articles/360000711978-What-is-e-Residency> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).
