# 9. Appendix D: Existing Business Models

The business model of our project is inspired by existing models including those in local domestic helper agencies and online direct hiring platforms.

## 9.1. Local Domestic Helper Agencies

As for hiring a domestic helper, some employers would seek assistance from agencies.
Examples of such agencies include Arrow Employment Services [1], Fair Employment Agency [2], Lotus Employment Agency [1 (1.3)] and Overseas Employment Centre [3].
Arrow Employment Services and Fair Employment Agency offer services for hiring both local and foreign domestic helpers, while Lotus Employment Agency and Overseas Employment Centre focus on services for hiring foreign domestic helpers.

Those agencies have years of experience.
For instance, Overseas Employment Centre was established in 1976 and has experience of nearly half a century.
With such experience, they can help employers with finding and interviewing domestic helpers, and completing essential documents in a convenient manner.
Employers can as well as consult those agencies for professional suggestions.
Normally, without agencies, employers, especially the inexperienced ones have to go through lengthy, yet essential forms or guidance notes from the Hong Kong Immigration Department [4] on their own.
With agencies, their time and effort are saved.
The risk of employers inadvertently breaching regulations is also lowered.
Besides, agencies offer additional services, which is ideal for an employer looking for a one-stop service.
For instance, Overseas Employment Centre has dedicated training centres for foreign helpers in their home countries.
The centre also has an organisation "Smile Club" for Indonesian helpers which organizes activities for their welfare.
Agencies can provide follow-up services as well, like translation service that reduces language barriers between employers and foreign helpers.

| Agency Name                | Price for hiring a foreign helper | Price for hiring a local helper |
| -------------------------- | --------------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| Arrow Employment Services  | $9,800                            | $6,500                          |
| Fair Employment Agency     | $9,900                            | $5,000                          |
| Lotus Employment Agency    | $9,403 up                         | -                               |
| Overseas Employment Centre | $7,980 up                         | -                               |

Table 9.1.1: Prices for Typical Service Packages

One downside of involving an agency is that it introduces extra costs for employers and helpers.
Table 9.1.1<!-- (!) --> shows the prices for typical service packages for some agencies as listed in their official websites.
The extra costs are surely significant.
Also, agencies are criticized for charging helpers placement fees [5].
And as it was previously discussed, it is not guaranteed that the information provided by agencies are accurate.
From the helper profiles given by agencies' websites, it is observed that only positive information is listed.
There is a chance that negative aspects in helper profiles are hidden by agencies.
However, if blockchain is used for storing helpers' profiles as in our application, this issue is prevented since the profile histories would be transparent.
Similarly, agencies may also hide negative aspects of certain employers, like the high turnover of helpers, their large families to take care of, from helpers.
Thus, we ask employers to provide their information as well.
We also allow both parties, employers and helpers, to provide feedback to each other in our application, so as to reveal more potential problems.

## 9.2. Online Direct Hiring Platforms

Hiring domestic helpers directly without involving agencies is also a viable option in Hong Kong.
This can be done through online direct hiring platforms like HelperGo [6], Smart Living [2 (1.3)], HelperChoice [7] and HelperPlace [3 (1.3)].
HelperGo and Smart Living are platforms for local domestic helpers.
HelperChoice and HelperPlace are platforms for foreign domestic helpers, while one can also find helpers from Hong Kong in HelperPlace.
Some platforms maintain a database for domestic helper profiles (e.g. HelperGo, HelperChoice).
Some maintain a database for job vacancies from employers (e.g. Smart Living).
Some maintain both (e.g. HelperPlace).

These platforms are more flexible than agencies.
Notably, employers can order one-time, or regular services through platforms for local helpers.
Some examples of such services include cooking, massage and house cleaning.
In comparison, domestic helper agencies focus more on assisting employers in hiring foreign domestic helpers.
There is only one standard contract for foreign domestic helpers, which is always effective for two years, and the helpers cannot take any part-time jobs [8].
Through online direct hiring platforms, employers can choose to go for direct hiring, but they can still choose to involve agencies.
If an employer chooses direct hiring, the commission for an agency is saved.
Online direct hiring platforms are more economical for employers in this sense.

However, it will be time consuming to go through necessary paperwork without the help from an agency given that an employer chooses direct hiring.
The employer will also lose other benefits from the agency, like having follow-up services as mentioned.
In addition, it is observed that profile histories are not available on the platforms.
This gives helpers opportunities to modify the profiles in a dishonest and inconsistent way without leaving any traces.
For instance, a helper may exaggerate in an experience description which contradicts to the previous version of the description.
Again, this issue will be prevented if blockchain is used for storing profiles.

*Our project leans more towards online direct hiring platforms.*
An online direct hiring platform is more flexible, where an employer can still choose whether to involve an agency.
We then give attributes (i.e. decentralization, transparency and immutability) from blockchain upon the platform such that the data presented to the end users are more credible.
This direction is also explored by MamaHelpers, a network serving employers, helpers and agencies.
According to a proposal provided by an informant from MamaHelpers [9], utilizing blockchain resolves helper backing-out issue.
After an employer and a helper signing a contract, the helper may back out and sign another contract from an employer who provides better conditions.
This turns out to be a pain point for direct hiring.
However, with the help of blockchain, helpers would less likely back out since this can leave a permanent record in the blockchain.

## References

<!-- The preferred reference style is IEEE reference style (version 11.12.2018). See <https://www.cse.ust.hk/ct/fyp/reports/content/ieee_style.html> and <http://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/7/IEEE-Reference-Guide.pdf>.
- Format for websites: [author names]. "[page title]." [website title]. [URL] (accessed [date of access (e.g. Mar. 1, 2000/ Mar. 2000)]).
- Format for books: [author names], "[chapter title]," in [book title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. [publisher city], [publisher US state], [publisher country]: [publisher name], [year], ch. [chapter number], sec. [section number], [page range].
- Format for online conference proceedings: [author names], "[paper title]," in [conference name (in italic type)], [year], [page range]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for lecture notes: [author names]. ([year]). [lecture title] [[type of medium]]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online manuals: [author names]. [manual title (in italic type)], [edition number]th ed. ([year]). Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online reports: [author names], "[report title]," [company name], [company city], [company US state], [company country], Rep. [report number], [date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online]. Available: [URL]
- Format for online videos: [video owner/creator], [location]. [video title (in italic type)]. [release date]. Accessed: [date of access]. [Online Video]. Available: [URL] -->
<!-- [1 (1.3)] Lotus Employment Agency. <https://lotusmaid.com.hk:446/web/html/eng/index.jsp> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020). -->
<!-- [2 (1.3)] Smart Living. <https://www.erb.org/smartliving/en/main/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020). -->
<!-- [3 (1.3)] HelperPlace. <https://www.helperplace.com/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020). -->
[1] Arrow Employment Services. <https://www.arrowes.hk/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[2] Fair Employment Agency. <https://www.fairagency.org/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[3] Overseas Employment Centre. <https://www.overseas.com.hk/en/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[4] "Employment of Domestic Helpers from Abroad." Hong Kong Immigration Department. <https://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/forms/hk-visas/foreign-domestic-helpers.html> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[5] "Our Story." Fair Employment Agency. <https://www.fairagency.org/our-story/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[6] HelperGo. <https://www.helpergo.co/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[7] HelperChoice. <https://www.helperchoice.com/> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[8] "Standard Employment Contract and Terms of Employment for Helpers." Hong Kong Immigration Department. <https://www.immd.gov.hk/eng/forms/forms/fdhcontractterms.html> (accessed Feb. 7, 2020).\
[9] <!-- Unpublished material -->T. Y. So, "Domestic Helper Blockchain Database Research Proposal," unpublished.
